Suggested edits (#24)
richford/afq-insight-paper: reports/manuscript/sections/introduction.tex

bundle, but there is a large body of evidence showing that there is
systematic variability in the values of diffusion metrics along the
trajectory of each bundle. This justifies retaining the individual
samples along the length of each bundle \cite{yeatman2012tract,
colby2012, ODonnell2009-uu}. While this retains important information
about each individual's white matter, it also presents statistical
challenges due to the dimensionality of the data. In past work,
comparisons between groups or across individuals were done
independently at each node of each bundle, for each one of the
diffusion metrics available at that point. This approach is exhaustive, but
statistical power is compromised by a multiple comparison problem
\cite{colby2012, Nichols2002-zu, Nichols2003-yy}. An alternative that
circumvents the multiple comparison problem is to select just a few
tracts to compare in each individual, or even focusing on particular
segments of these tracts based on \emph{a priori} hypotheses. This
approach is appropriate when the biological basis of the process
of interest is relatively well understood (for a recent example, see

> \cite{huber2018rapid}). Sometimes, these approaches are combined: an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\cite{huber2018rapid}). Sometimes, these approaches are combined: a
```

control both of group sparsity, as well as overall sparsity of the
solutions \cite{simon2013sgl}. Because the features measured with
tractomery lend themselves to grouping based on the tracts from which

> each measurement is taken, GL and SGL provide a useful tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each measurement is taken, GL and SGL provide useful tools
```
